First, we started looking for old cars to reuse. We found three models, but none of them worked properly, so we decided to buy a new one that would fit our preferences. This cart has approximate specifications: twenty-six centimeters long and twelve centimeters wide. It is a remote-control car that we later modified, first we decided to disassemble it to remove the antenna, the default plate and the original parts that would not be useful in the project. In the wagon of the car, we decided to open four holes and place the regulator of the motors, it should be noted that the motors used are the original ones of the car for compatibility reasons. In the front part of the car, we removed the fender that came with the car originally, and we conditioned it to place the servomotor and the respective ultrasonic sensor at the height of the obstacles. On the inside of the car, we removed the original board and placed the Arduino Genuine One board, we had some difficulties when placing this new board, but we decided to place it in a way that would facilitate the manipulation of the USB wiring. The USB input was pointed towards the front of the cart, so that in case we needed to make a change in the future, it would be easier. We also decided on that specific position with the sensor shield in mind. We had planned to use the line follower sensors to detect the green and red obstacles, but when we tested them and tried different programming, none of them worked. We decided to buy color sensors, as we thought that programming them would be much easier. In the end, we went back to using the line follower sensor. All the changes made, we made them think about maintaining the aesthetics of the car, aesthetics is something important to us. At the moment of placing the servomotor and the ultrasonic sensor we had many doubts because we really did not know how high the walls would be, if we put them in a very high distance the car could not detect them and could fail, in the end we discussed between us and we agreed to place it in the lowest part of the car so that the height of the walls was not a reason to worry about. The controller was placed on the car with the aesthetic intention of resembling horns and the ultrasonic sensor resembling the car's headlights.
At the beginning of the programming, we had no idea, we had only used Java and C++. The teacher recommended us a channel with a playlist containing about 70 chapters of Arduino and programming tutorials. When we started to have ideas, we tried to program in different ways and none of them were feasible. We started to study codes that we were finding on the internet, we looked at the logical structures and sequences that they used. First, we started learning how the motors that drive the cart work, we tried different ways, and it became a trial and error. In the end, we were able to understand how to make the car move forward and turn. To make the car turn to the left, we must put the left tires on low and the right tires on high, this makes the momentum on the right greater and allows the car to turn smoothly. Then we continue by studying the servomotor which is one of the most important sensors in this car, we need it to detect the walls and that the car does not collide with any of these. We had trouble getting it to rotate so that the ultrasonic sensor would detect the obstacles in front of it. We repeated the above process again (researching and testing) until we could finally get it to work for us. Another problem we had was with the ultrasonic sensor, the first sensor showed negative data and when we looked, we detected some spots that were possibly caused by humidity. We don't really know if it was because of the humidity or because of the voltage, since we didn't know what voltage, we needed to make the car work correctly. We knew how the sensors worked and how each one should be programmed, but it was very difficult to find the order in which we had to fix them. We asked the professor for help, and he instructed us so that we could start coding the way we had in mind. Today, Monday, September 12, we have one of the most crucial problems, it will decide our score in the competition. The front engine does not turn, we do not know if it is a code problem or if it is a problem of the engine, we are assembling another car to test the code with another engine and then we will find out what is the real problem. Today, September 13, we tested the code together with the "nexus" group (another group from the school), and they did not have any problems with the code. Their car is a sedan model and has a different type of directional system, this could be the reason why the code is working for them. The problem that the car is presenting is that when we put it in the air the rear engine, the one in charge of the traction, it moves the tires with the greatest possible force, but when we put it on the ground, the engine starts to push very softly. The front motor that is working as a servomotor does not receive signals and does not move, so the car moves very slowly, but does not turn well. On Wednesday 14th we could not attend the competition because of the problems with the battery, we decided to build another car, in this car we intended to use the caster wheel. On Monday 19 we were informed that the caster wheel is prohibited, we tried to put the 4 motors again and the car presented the same problem. The problem is not the censors, but the 4 motors, the batteries are not enough for the 4 motors.


